Add ServiceClass' secretRefFields and resourceFields doc (#206)
primaza/primaza: docs/book/src/entities/serviceclass.md

Within a Service Class, there are two required properties:
- `resource` defines the APIVersion and Kind of the resources to look for.
  It also contains a list of Service Endpoint Definition Mappings, which define how binding information for a particular service may be obtained.
  For more details, have a look at the [resource field section](#resource-field).
- `serviceClassIdentity` defines a set of attributes that are sufficient to identify a Service Class.
  This field is copied to the generated registered services.

A Service Class also contains two optional properties, `constraints` and `healthCheck`.
Both of these fields correspond exactly to their identically-named properties within the Registered Service resource.
For more information on how to use these properties, refer to the [Registered Service documentation](./registeredservices.md)

### `resource` field

The `resource`'s ServiceClass field contains all the information needed for identifying the resources it refers to, i.e. `apiVersion` and `kind`.

> Also, it contains the rules for extracting the Service Endpoint Definition secret data, i.e. `serviceEndpointDefinitionMappings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also contains the rules for extracting the Service Endpoint Definition secret data, i.e. `serviceEndpointDefinitionMappings`.
```

Mapping rules apply to the resource specification (`resourceFields`) or to a secret (`secretRefFields`).

> To extract data from the resource, you define an entry in the `resourceFields` list.

Reviewer: How does an imperative mood look here?
```suggestion
To extract data from the resource, add an entry to the `resourceFields` list.
```

Each entry contains the following properties:
* `name`: is used as the key in the Registered Service's Service Endpoint Definition
* `jsonPath`: a JSONPath rule to extract the value for the current Service Endpoint Definition key
* `secret`: declares whether this field should be stored in a secret of if it can be embedded in the Registered Service specification

> To extract data from a secret, you define an entry in the `secretRefFields` list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To extract data from a secret, add an entry to the `secretRefFields` list.
```

Data extracted from a secret is always stored in a new secret.
Each entry contains the following properties:
* `name`: is used as the key in the Registered Service's Service Endpoint Definition
* `secretName`: represents the name of the secret to look for.

>   It that has the following two mutually exclusive sub-properties:

Reviewer: Phrasing
```suggestion
  It also contains two mutually exclusive sub-properties:
```

    * `jsonPath`: a JSONPath rule to extract the name of the secret from the resource specification
    * `constant`: a constant value for the secret name
* `secretKey`: represents the secret's key to use.

>   It has the following two mutually exclusive sub-properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It contains two mutually exclusive sub-properties:
```
